---
layout: post
title:      "My Why ..."
date:       2017-11-25 17:32:15 +0000
permalink:  my_why
---


I enjoy trying out just about everything, so finding what I love to do has been a difficult journey. I will generally try out anything that crosses my path and I like to do most things. Learning something new every day is a priority and something that I challenge myself to do. This personality trait is a blessing and a curse... 

It is a blessing because there are not many challenges that I will back away from and has pushed me to try many things that I probably would not have done otherwise. Travel extensively, learn several sports, meet very interesting people and learn facinating (to me) trades and talents. I have been to Europe more than once, South America, almost every state in the US (I can only think of 3 that I have not been to, though they are certainly on the list!). I enjoy tennis, running, swimming, snowboarding, and wind-surfing, among other things. I have been a manager, a CSR, a massage therapsist, reflexologist, writer and truck (yes, 18-wheeler) driver.

The curse is that I enjoy trying new things so much that I am constantly looking for more new and interesting things to learn and challenge myself with. I have found many things I like to do, but not until now have I felt that I have found what I want to do "when I grow up". In my many explorations toward finding my next adventure, I stumbled across the free online course for Flatiron. For the first time, I was so totally immersed that I lost great blocks of time. I was "playing" on the computer and finally looked at the clock when I realized I needed a snack and 6 hours had disappeared. Wow! Time had seemed to stop. That had never happened to me before.

So I started putting aside a fund for school and set a date to be here (that is, to start school with Flatiron). It didn't seem to come fast enough, but I'm here now and (for the most part) loving every minute of it!
